My favourite Greek hero is Odysseus. He is the main character in the Odyssey, a famous
story by the Greek storyteller Homer. Odysseus and his friends go from Greece to Troy
to fight. After ten years they win and are very proud of themselves. Then they set off
for home, but on their way there is a great storm. They become lost and that is the start
of their great adventures. While they are travelling they meet many strange people.
Most of them want to hurt Odysseus and his friends, but a few help them. On one island
a very big man with only one eye tries to kill them. During this fight Odysseus loses
many of his friends, but he manages to get away. After ten years of fighting and ten
more years on the way home Odysseus completes his journey and manages to get back to his
own country alone. His wife and son are waiting for him to come back. However he looks so
different that they fail to recognise him. After Odysseus saves his wife and son from
some bad men, they finally know who he is. He is happy to be back home again after so
many adventures. I like this story because it is interesting and exciting. I think Odysseus
is a true hero. He is very clever and has a strong will. I also learn from him that great
men never give up, no matter what difficulties they face.